update languages input description. (#12)
sammcoe/localizejs-github-action: README.md

## `langauges`

> **Required** A comma separated list of desired langage codes. Langauges must first be enabled in the LocalizeJS project. **Do not inlcude the source language.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Required** A comma separated list of desired language codes. Languages must first be enabled in the LocalizeJS project. **Do not include the source language.**
```

Author: @evocateur sorry for not getting to this. Thanks for suggesting/applying the changes, looks good to me.
